1. What would you do if you saw a robber in your house?
Gryffindor: Try to fight to him death with your bare fists Hufflepuff: Quickly and quietly call the police to make sure the robbers are dealt with
Slytherin: Use your surroundings against your enemy Ravenclaw: Escape the house and quickly run out of the house calling for help
2. If a friend ask you what you want to do today what would you want to do?
Gryffindor: Go in the adventure through the woods to go camping. Hufflepuff: Let the other person choose what they want to do.
Slytherin: Playing GTA 5 and five stars to get arrested as fast as possible. Ravenclaw: Playing chess to roast the other person if they lose.
3. What would be hobby you would do if you had free time during the day?
Gryffindor: Basketball. Hufflepuff: Drawing or creating art.
Slytherin: Playing a musical instrument. Ravenclaw: Studying the entire day until it hits midnight
4. How would you react to a fight in school?
Gryffindor: Jump in the fight to defend someone or to stop the fight. Hufflepuff: Quickly ask a prefect to take care of the situation
Slytherin: Encouraging the fighters and suggesting different ways to attack. Ravenclaw: Get inspired for a new idea for their new project and taking notes of the fight
5. If you could pick one characteristic of yourself what would it be.
Gryffindor: Brave. Hufflepuff: humble
Slytherin: Resourceful Ravenclaw: Intelligent
6. What animal would describe your personality?
Gryffindor: Lion. Hufflepuff: Dog
Slytherin: Wolf. Ravenclaw: Bird
7. If a friend needed medical attention, what would you do to help your friend?
Gryffindor: Quickly ask people for help and call 911 immediately and perform CPR to help your friend. Hufflepuff: Quickly call 911 and say comforting words to make your friend relieved.
Slytherin: Grab materials and think of ways to buy more time for your friend then call 911. Ravenclaw: I'm a doctor
8. If your parents found out you lied about something would you do?
Gryffindor: Confess you did lie and face the consequences. Hufflepuff: Apologize and explain why they have taken that course of action.
Slytherin: Lie again and swear you didn't do it. Ravenclaw: Find loopholes and give a detailed explanation that the person was technically not lying.
9. What type of kid are you in class?
Gryffindor: Daring to ask questions that might be dangerous knowledge. Hufflepuff: Focus in class and work hard to do good in class.
Slytherin: Want to be able to learn more and more magic. Ravenclaw: Becoming the teacher's pet always the favorite of the teacher for their massive intellect.
10. If you were in the house by yourself, how would you entertain yourself?
Gryffindor: Go to areas of the house your not allowed to go or go outside to places that your parents say not to go to. Hufflepuff: Stay in the house watching TV or reading books just chilling in the house.
Slytherin: Create something (either safe or dangerous) to entertain yourself. Ravenclaw: Just study(grind, grind, grind, grind some more (I better beat that kid or I will be furious))